docs: clarify `use:enhance` compatibility with `method="POST"` (#12546)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/20-core-concepts/30-form-actions.md

+<form method="POST" use:enhance>
```

> > `use:enhance` can only be used with forms that have `method="POST"`. It will not work with `method="GET"`, which includes forms without a specified method. Attempting to use `use:enhance` on forms without `method="POST"` will result in an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `use:enhance` can only be used with forms that have `method="POST"`. It will not work with `method="GET"`, which is the default for forms without a specified method. Attempting to use `use:enhance` on forms without `method="POST"` will result in an error.
```
